you know that vertical groove running
from your nose to your top lip
is called a philtrum serves no purpose
in humans
but it does mean love charm in ancient
greek
the little white half circle at the base
of your fingers is a luliana
that's latin for half moon so the next
time you feel an itch
between your shoulder blades try asking
someone to scratch your
agnes yeah that spot in the middle of
your back you can't reach yourself
be grateful to your uvula for not
choking every time you swallow
it's that punching bag thingy hanging at
the back of your throat
it keeps food from getting up in your
nose
how about a little stretch make an l
with your index finger and thumb
congrats you've just exercised your
pearl eq
or the space between those two fingers
now if you tried to do the l trick with
your pinky you wouldn't have succeeded
but you would have activated your
minimus the medical term for your
smallest fingers and toes
when you're feeling tired or allergic to
something you often start rubbing your
carnical
that's the pink fleshy triangle in the
inner corners of your eyes
too many fancy new words to remember
your glabella must be wrinkled right now
yeah that's the name for that space
between your eyebrows that shows your
confusion
like this now maybe you wipe your color
mellow when you have a runny nose
that's a tissue between the nostrils
that connects the nasal tip and base
those plastic tubes on the end of your
shoestrings that keep them from fraying
are called aglets lacing a pair of
sneakers without them would be a
struggle
next time you're getting your coffee to
go don't forget to grab a zarf
for centuries these coffee sleeves were
made of silver copper
and even gold with intricate engravings
we didn't get the cardboard version
until 1991. feel like procrastinating
say you'll do it over morrow that's one
word for the day
after tomorrow that annoying ringing you
hear in your ears every now and then
is called tinnitus not tinnitus i know
it can show up when damaged hairs in the
inner ear leak electrical signals to the
brain
that set of random symbols you see in
cartoons and comics when a character
says something mean
is called agrolex like grallix
you run into someone whose face seems
awfully familiar
it takes a moment before you can
remember their name but you didn't
completely forget it
that moment of hesitation before hey
derek
is called a tartle when you can't get a
catchy song out of your head no matter
how hard you try
you surely have yourself an ear worm
don't panic there's not a real worm
inside you
belting out tunes anyone who's ever felt
pins and needles in their legs from
sitting too long
has officially had paresthesia it can
happen to other body parts as well
if you're one of those people who can't
muster up the energy or will to get out
of bed in the morning
you could have something called dysania
if you're just not a morning person and
we're up late last night binging on
youtube
sorry not the same next time you can't
read a doctor's prescription
you can officially tell them their
griffinage has gone too far
that's the fancy word for illegible
handwriting did that come from
gryffindor
the word knee and knight have one thing
in common
they both have app thongs also known as
silent letters
if you search your name on google and
find some other person in the top
results
you've just met your google ganger and
that person is probably more popular
than you
if their info shows up before yours ah
shucks the small piece of metal at the
end of the eraser end of your pencil
has been around since 1858 and it's
called a ferrule
same name for the metal part holding
paint brush bristles on the wood
put on your best ball gown and start
dancing
i think i just heard a scroop that's the
swishing
sound silk makes when you're moving
when you throw the dice and hope to see
five dots on it when it lands
you're waiting for a quin that's
the word for any geometric pattern of
five
it could be dots trees flower petals you
name it
the vertical dividers in your windows
between panes of glass
are officially called muntins in the
past they used to hold the glass in
place
now they're mostly just for decoration
the efp to z pattern you read during
vision checks has a name
the snellen chart it was named after its
creator
dutch ophthalmologist hermann snellen if
you can read the eighth line from across
the room
you have 20 20 vision by the way
if somehow you can sense those letters
with your nose you must be using the
smellin chart
the thing we all call the division sign
is officially
an obelisk it has a long history and was
once used to mark passages
that didn't sound true and needed fact
checking
the infinity symbol that looks like an 8
on its side
is a limniskit those bright red
you are here markers you see on subway
museum
and park maps can save you if your phone
battery is drained
or if you have no internet for some
reason they're called
ideal locators one thing
no one likes about bananas is those dry
strings that reveal themselves when you
peel it
there's a name for those phloem bundles
blackberries and raspberries are
clusters of different little bumps
yes those things have a name and it's
drooplets
whenever you're enjoying a peach apple
or any other fruit
there are things you leave behind
because your body can't digest them
those pits seeds and rinds are under the
blanket term
of chang links the bumps on one side of
a ping pong paddle
are pips pro players say the shorter the
pips
the better longer ones don't let you
control the ball as much
you know those spikes in a fork as
prongs
but impress your friends with another
word for the same thing tines
depending on if the fork is for eating
salad dessert
seafood or holding meat over a fire
it'll have a different number and length
of tines when you fill a bottle
don't forget to leave some outage that's
a space between the top of the container
and the liquid inside don't you just
love your cat's fabrici that's a smart
way of saying whiskers
and it describes the same thing on dogs
rats and plenty of other mammals
humans are the only primate without them
a nerdle usually is enough when it comes
to toothpaste
that's the wavy shaped dab you squeeze
onto your toothbrush
pizza lovers remember this cornchone
describes the outer part of the crust
with no sauce or cheese
some folks prefer cheese stuffed
cornchones but
i'm kind of a purist whenever you open a
drop down menu with an icon showing
three lines
you're using the hamburger button
the meaningless la la las in a song
are all vocables
if you hear there's a bathroom on the
ride instead of there's a bad moon on
the rise in a song
you've just had a mondegreen moment
that's what they call misheard lyrics
a good tailor knows how to make a
perfect arm sign
the holes in clothing your arms go
through
[Music]
the butterflies you feel in your stomach
when you see your crush
are collie wobbles if you close your
eyes and press them with your hand
right now you'll see some phosphenes
there are those
flashes of light every turkey has a
smooth
that's the fleshy red thing hanging from
the forehead over the beak
i have one nah when things aren't
looking good
no matter what move you make in a game
like chess or tic-tac-toe
you are in zuksvon and it's not looking
good
if you make a typo or someone mishears
you but the phrase still makes sense
you've just experienced an egg corn for
example
to all intents and purposes still sounds
okay
if you accidentally put it as to all
intensive purposes
only two letters in the english alphabet
have a
tittle over them i and j
yeah that little dot has a name
you probably didn't know your belt has a
keeper but you'll need a new one when it
breaks
it's that important loop by the buckle
that keeps the strap in place
a womble always comes at the worst
possible time
in the middle of an important meeting
during a quiet exam
at a sentimental wedding it's when your
stomach growls
yeah like when i try to record these
things around lunchtime
hush now you'll get fed soon the warmth
you feel on your face from the sun on a
chilly winter day
is apricity it's not enough to melt the
snow but it sure can cheer you up
the smell of rain is officially called
petrichor
you have the moist ground to thank for
it
when your stomach is so full it looks
like you have a big food baby in there
you're experiencing wait for it
crapulence
a mix of an exclamation and a question
mark
is called an enterobay unlike most other
punctuation marks that have been around
for centuries
it was just invented in the 1960s
that's it now i have to go quiet my
womble and have lunch
wiping my philtrum as i go but i can't
eat too much
otherwise i'll have crapulants no
worries though
there's a bathroom on the right